Documentation review (#6901)
Particular/docs.particular.net: transports/azure-service-bus/topology.md

- Support for polymorphic events
- Stronger decoupling of the publishers and subscribers
- Simpler hierarchy of topics, subscriptions, and rules
- Simpler management and mapping from events to parts of the topology

The need to support polymorphism was the most substantial reason to implement a "single topic" design.

> For simple events or no need for polymorphism, it is possible to map the contract type to the topic since the relationship is 1:1. Such topologies are mostly built without automatically forwarding messages in subscriptions to the destination queues. The subscription acts as a virtual queue. In cases when subscribers are offline or slow for some time, the quota of the topic may be reached, which can cause all publish operations to the topic to fail. Subscriptions in non-forwarding mode share the topic quota.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For simple events or when support for polymorphism is not needed, it is possible to map the contract type to the topic since the relationship is 1:1. Such topologies are mostly built without automatically forwarding messages in subscriptions to the destination queues. The subscription acts as a virtual queue. In cases when subscribers are offline or slow for some time, the quota of the topic may be reached, which can cause all publish operations to the topic to fail. Subscriptions in non-forwarding mode share the topic quota.
```
